# Weekly Reports

## Week One - Beginning 25th September
First week back at university and we had quite an easy first week back. To start the week off we got a tour of the new games academy building then we had a lecture from Brian on Shaders which was very interesting. On Tuesday we had an introduction to the VR kit which was extremely fun and got me motivated ready to make my own VR creation. On Wednesday we had a lecture about ethics and professionalism. My biggest challenge this week was presenting my talk in front of my new team because I get very nervous when talking in front of groups and speed up making it take less time and talking too fast, to try and make this better I need to learn to relax and not care what happens and just make sure I get it done well.

## Week Two - Beginning 2nd October
Second week back and all is fairly chilled still. We had another lecture with Brian who did some live coding which helped explain things I was unsure of. We had another lecture with Al where we evaluated Space Chem and he made clear to us what his report is about. We had another lecture with Mike about Ethics and Professionalism which is a very interesting topic considering people have different ethics and views. My biggest challenge this week was coming up with a specific question to focus on for my essay as topics are very broad, to improve on this I will take my essay proposal to Mikes lecture and we'll get feedback on our proposals.

## Week Three = Beginnng 9th October
Third week at university and the work is starting to pile together. We had a lecture with Brian about math libaries and how we're going to have to make our own one, I understood what he was talking about in class but just to reiterate it I will look at it at home to reinforce it and will also follow his live coding example because my PC restarted randomly twice during the lecture. We had a lesson with Al and how to do his research study which was informative. My hardest challenge this week was picking an essay topic for my essay on ethics and professionalism because I finid it hard to come up with a narrow question. Luckily Mike gave me feedback and told me where and how to focus down my question. This should help me re write my proposal and come up with a better essay.
